welcome back he's not looking so good oh
dear I knew it was only a matter of time
until one of us contracted a disease
indigenous to these new lands and pass
it on to the rest
Meli you need to grab some downtime by
you
I don't think alex has any kind of
disease I think he's just getting really
really hungry
did you notice he didn't eat a single
thing of the banquet it is oh that oh
yes I noticed but that's just because we
couldn't find a steak tree once we find
one of those he'll be eating like a
sheep with enterotoxin eeeh except
hopefully it won't die afterwards that's
all well and good except there's no such
thing as a Millman you're not getting a
quad proto whatever we just need to
figure out a way for Alex to get some
steak there's Maurice over there why
don't you go ask him if he could help
let's go ask hey do you have any steak
trees in this jungle I am sorry my
friend but I have not heard of such a
thing but if we didn't have this it
would have to be on bail Bob tree
unfortunately this festering look bail
Bob worms perhaps you could help us save
the tree from the worms and maybe find
this thing you call steak good thing I'm
not tall enough to see these
I'm trying Mehlman you can save the tree
and wipe out the worms
oh yeah watch out for these guys hey
you're safe a tree that was too easy all
too easy now I guess I should tell us
good news we found the bill Bob woods
primary hottie that's good news what's
the bad news the good news is that we
found them the bad news is that they're
bleeding like crazy we need to stop them
hunt oh that's terrible
it looks like there's quite an army of
those filthy little creatures down there
right and that's where you come in this
time instead of coconuts you are going
to have to fling these durian bombs down
onto the woods and chemists we are
counting on you know Minh let's get a
hold on oh this one's annoying
so like these don't know something
what
mores again let's have a bikini